feat(modules/dex): add Dex OIDC provider module (#3659)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/dex.md

# Dex

> Since <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not available until the next release <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>
```

## Introduction

The Testcontainers module for [Dex](https://dexidp.io/), a CNCF-sandbox OIDC
provider. The module lets Go tests spin up a real Dex instance and exercise
OAuth2/OIDC flows end-to-end instead of mocking the token endpoint.

## Adding this module to your project dependencies

Please run the following command to add the Dex module to your Go dependencies:

```bash
go get github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/modules/dex
```

## Usage example

<!--codeinclude-->
[Creating a Dex container](../../modules/dex/examples_test.go) inside_block:runContainer
<!--/codeinclude-->

## Module Reference

### Run function

> - Since <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not available until the next release <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>
```

> - Since <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/releases/tag/v0.42.0"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: v0.42.0</span></a>

Reviewer: bug: please use the placeholder for new modules, as described in https://golang.testcontainers.org/contributing/#adding-functional-options. Else, the automation to produce a new release won't update this to the new one

It applies to more places below

Author: Fixed in f58a75d..dc57f25b (round-3 push). Every `v0.42.0` ref in `docs/modules/dex.md` and `modules/dex/README.md` now uses the `main` placeholder. See commit fcdb2ce.

    when using that grant.

### Container Options

When starting the Dex container, you can pass options in a variadic way to
configure it.

#### Clients

- Since <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

`Client` is an opaque value type. Construct it with `NewClient(id, opts...)`
so invalid values surface at call-site. `NewClient` returns
`(Client, error)`; client options accept variadic URIs and grant types.

```golang
app, err := dex.NewClient("my-app",
    dex.WithClientSecret("secret"),
    dex.WithClientRedirectURIs("http://localhost:8080/callback"),
    dex.WithClientGrantTypes("authorization_code", "refresh_token"),
    dex.WithClientName("My App"),
)
// ...
c, err := dex.Run(ctx, "dexidp/dex:v2.45.1", dex.WithClient(app))
```

Additional client options: `WithClientPublic()` marks the client as public
(PKCE, no secret).

Clients added at runtime via `AddClient` inherit Dex's defaults
(`authorization_code` + `refresh_token`) because Dex's gRPC `api.Client`
proto has no `grant_types` field. Clients needing other grants must be
declared pre-start via `WithClient`.

#### Users

> - Since <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

Reviewer: Sorry @guilycst I should have been more explicit, my fault 🙏 

Could you apply this to all the occurrences?

Author: All good @mdelapenya, I just pushed the docs changes
